Infrastructure as Code (IaC for a Consultancy Firm)
Objective
The objective in this assignment is to develop a reusable Terraform/OpenTofu project which uses configurable modules to provision a set of resources within a OpenStack environment. This project can be used as a foundation to develop similar infrastructure for other customers of the consultancy firm. 

Use-case Scenario
As a Junior consultant at the firm TerraNova, a startup working with different customers who run a wide variety of workloads on your private Openstack installation. You have been tasked to create a basic set of templates that can set up a basis for these workloads that can easily be extended and adapted as needed to the application that should run on top. 

Infrastructure components
The following infrastructure components must be configured in the solution:

Network should follow standard 3 layer architecture (frontent/public, backend, database) 
Each project should consist of at least one frontend webserver and a database backend
All instances should use a configurable startup (cloud-init) script. 
Enable load balancing with a flag with configuration options for service to be load balanced. 
Set up at least one storage container that can be attached to services and used as needed.
Additional requirements
README.md file 

Document in the root of the repo how to initialize a new configuration using Terraform/OpenTofu commands. Also document how Terraform plan/apply works as well as destroy can be used for the project. 

Variables and Outputs

Use input variables to make configurations as flexible as possible. The following parameters should be implemented as you see fit:
Network naming
IP Ranges for subnets
Naming of all resources in network including load balancing
Virtual machine names, flavors and image configuration
Security group configuration
Module names should reflect their functionality
Use output variables to expose data as needed and make the solution flexible. Examples of output that should be implemented
Subnet IDs
VM IDs
IPs of VMs
LB Endpoints to connect to for given service
Persistent storage volume name/id
Storage Containers names
Modules

The solution MUST use modules, with the following suggested modules

Network module - Create network configuration and relevant resources
Storage container module - Create storage container with relevant resources and configuration
Virtual machine module - Bootstrapping of virtual machines according to role with relevant configuration
Persistent storage module - Make persistent storage and attach it during creation of virtual machines. 
Root module

The root module should implement a PoC with the following configuration:

Network with 3 subnets 
At least one DB VM bootstrapped and ready for configuration (see below)
At least one Frontend VM boostrapped and ready for configuration (see below)
Relevant security group giving SSH access into VMs and opens access to other relevant ports (HTTP/HTTPS/DB ports)
Option to use load balancer endpoint for service like HTTP/HTTPS
Option to attach persistent storage when defining new VMs
State stored in remote state storage and split according to best practices. 
It is expected to try to install some basic applications using either cloud-init or similar tools on VMs. For frontend, this could be Apache or NGINX to make the LB healthchecks to be verified. No SSL configuration is required. 

The same should be done on the DB side with something like MySQL or PostgreSQL. DBs does not have to be put behind a LB and no SSL configuration is required. 

Deliverables
Upload your files as a .zip file with the following naming scheme:

<ntnu-username>-assignment1.zip -> jornskj-assignment1.zip for me.

The folder structure should also be <ntnu-username>/assignment1/<root-module> containing all files and subfolders as needed. 

The reason for this structure is to streamline censorship and display of text files in text editor like VS Code. 

Terraform configuration

Root module with all submodules
A README.md file explaining the following:
Purpose of each module
How to provision the solution including example of terraform configuration options if needed
Any prerequisites or dependencies for the solution
A sample .tfvar file containing values for all required input variables for PoC
Output screenshot showing successful creation of the PoC
Output screenshot showing successful destruction of the PoC 
Evaluation Criteria
Code quality
Functionality
Documentation on chosen setup 
Reusability 